Add standard files (#102)
DataDog/datadog-agent-boshrelease: RELEASING.md

# Releasing

Release can only be performed by Datadog maintainers of this repository.

## Schedule

> Releases of this project follow the [Datadog Agent](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent) release schedule of one minor release every 6 weeks.

Reviewer: Let's change it to 2 months.

> Releases of this project follow the [Datadog Agent](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent) release schedule of one minor release every 6 weeks.

Author: ```suggestion
Releases of this project follow the [Datadog Agent](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent) release schedule (+1/2 weeks).
```
